Add docs: Existing contraces (#605)
nervosnetwork/docs.nervos.org: website/docs/common-scripts/01-secp256k1_blake160_sighash_all.mdx

---
id: secp256k1_blake160_sighash_all
title: secp256k1_blake160_sighash_all
---

> # secp256k1_blake160_sighash_all
> 
> One of the CKB genesis scripts, [SECP256K1/blake160](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb-system-scripts/wiki/How-to-sign-transaction#p2ph) ([Source Code](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb-system-scripts/blob/master/c/secp256k1_blake160_sighash_all.c)), is the default lock script used to verify transaction signatures on the CKB blockchain.
> 
> ## How It Works
> 
> This script uses the secp256k1 signature algorithm. The verification process includes:
> 
> - Extracting the public key hash from the `args` field.
> - Constructing the signing message by hashing the `tx_hash` and the `witnesses`.
> - Reading the signature data from the lock witness.
> - Recovering the public key using `secp256k1_ecdsa_recover`.
> - Hashing the recovered public key using CKBBlake2b algorithm, then taking the first 20 bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# secp256k1_blake160_sighash_all

One of the CKB genesis Scripts, [SECP256K1/blake160](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb-system-scripts/wiki/How-to-sign-transaction#p2ph) ([Source Code](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/ckb-system-scripts/blob/master/c/secp256k1_blake160_sighash_all.c)), is the default [Lock Script](/docs/tech-explanation/lock-script) used to verify transaction signatures on the CKB blockchain.

## How It Works

This Script uses the secp256k1 signature algorithm. The verification process includes:

- Extracting the public key hash from the `args` field.
- Constructing the signing message by hashing the `tx_hash` and the `witnesses`.
- Reading the signature data from the lock witness.
- Recovering the public key using `secp256k1_ecdsa_recover`.
- Hashing the recovered public key using CKB's Blake2b algorithm, then taking the first 20 bytes.
```

- Comparing the recovered public key hash to the one provided in `args`.

[Reference RFC](https://github.com/nervosnetwork/rfcs/blob/master/rfcs/0024-ckb-genesis-script-list/0024-ckb-genesis-script-list.md#secp256k1blake160)

## Deployment

- mainnet Lina

| parameter   | value                                                                |
| ----------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `code_hash` | `0x9bd7e06f3ecf4be0f2fcd2188b23f1b9fcc88e5d4b65a8637b17723bbda3cce8` |
| `hash_type` | `type`                                                               |
| `tx_hash`   | `0x71a7ba8fc96349fea0ed3a5c47992e3b4084b031a42264a018e0072e8172e46c` |
| `index`     | `0x0`                                                                |
| `dep_type`  | `dep_group`                                                          |

> - testnet Aggron

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Testnet
```
